#labels Phase-Deploy
*Currently in progress*<br>
<br>
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-m1X7mJnIQHY/T2j6Td1w66I/AAAAAAAAA9s/d669u1vk_PA/s800/srjg_menu_principal.jpg<br>
<br>
<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />
<br>
=SRJG Video demonstration=<br>
<br>
<wiki:video url="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qjapUIsEiE"/>
<br>
<br>
=Parameters=
<br>
Two parameters can not be configured from the TV feed: <br>
The location of the Jukebox (Jukebox_Path), and the port number used
(Port) to run cgi scripts. <br>
Srjg.cfg the file must be copied to /usr/local/etc/<br>
<br>
You can change any other settings from your television screen. This
will avoid any data entry errors in the configuration file.<br>
<br>
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-fJn5femmgco/T2j6S6Uyl5I/AAAAAAAAA-s/C6MwHDxcpbs/s700/srjg_menu_config.jpg<br>
<br>
<br>
==Configuration file (srjg.cfg) details==
<br>
The parameters are between tags. Do not change the tags names.<br>
Exemple:<br>
<br>
`<Lang>en</Lang>`<br>
The parameter name is "Lang" and its value is "en"<br>
<br>
<br>
===List of configuration parameters===
<br>
Lang (default "en")<br>
<br>
Puts the interface in the chosen language.<br>
<br>
<br>
Jukebox_Path (default "/usr/local/etc/srjg/")<br>
<br>
This is the path where you have installed SRJG. Note that there is a "/" at the end of the path and it must be included.<br>
<br>
<br>
Jukebox_Size (default "2x6")<br>
<br>
This option determine how the movies thumbnails will be shown.<br>
<br>
Possible values are:<br>
<br>
2x6 : Two(2) rows of six(6) thumbnails<br>
3x8 : Three(3) rows of eight(8) thumbnails<br>
Sheetwall: Mode with full moviesheet view with thumbnails at the bottom of the screen.<br>
<br>
<br>
Movies_Path (default "/tmp/usbmounts/sdb1/")<br>
<br>
This is the path to the locations of your movies.&nbsp; This path must already exist.<br>
Note that there is a "/" at the end of the path and it must be included.<br>
<br>
Nfo_Path (default "MoviesPath")<br>
<br>
This is the path to the locations of your NFO movie files.<br>
<br>
Possible values are:<br>
<br>
MoviesPath : NFO files are located/created in the Movies folders
defined in the parameter "MoviesPath"<br>
SRJG: NFO files are located/created in a subfolder of the movies
&lt;movie path&gt;/SRJG/ImgNfo/ which is defined in the parameter
"MoviesPath"<br>
You can also specify the any path of your choice by entering it between
the tags. This path must already exist and be writable.<br>
Note that there is a "/" at the end of the path and it must be included.<br>
<br>
<br>
Poster_Path (default "MoviesPath")<br>
<br>
This is the path to the locations of your movie thumbnail files.<br>
<br>
Possible values are:<br>
<br>
MoviesPath : Thumbnail files are located/created in the Movies folders
defined in the parameter "MoviesPath"<br>
SRJG: Thumbnail files are located/created in a subfolder of the movies
&lt;movie path&gt;/SRJG/ImgNfo/ which is defined in the parameter
"MoviesPath"<br>
You can also specify the any path of your choice by entering it between
the tags. This path must already exist and be writable.<br>
Note that there is a "/" at the end of the path and it must be included.<br>
<br>
<br>
Sheet_Path (default "MoviesPath")<br>
<br>
This is the path to the locations of your movie sheets files.<br>
<br>
Possible values are:<br>
<br>
MoviesPath : Moviesheet files are located/created in the Movies folders
defined in the parameter "MoviesPath"<br>
SRJG: Moviesheet files are located/created in a subfolder of the movies
&lt;movie path&gt;/SRJG/ImgNfo/ which is defined in the parameter
"MoviesPath"<br>
You can also specify the any path of your choice by entering it between
the tags. This path must already exist and be writable.<br>
Note that there is a "/" at the end of the path and it must be included.<br>
<br>
<br>
SingleDb (default "no")<br>
<br>
"Yes" there is only one database in /usr/local/etc/ <br>
"No" the database is in &lt;MoviesPath&gt;/SRJG/. This allows multiple
Jukebox by changing the location of the main movies path.<br>
<br>
<br>
UnlockRM (defaut "no")<br>
<br>
If this parameter is "yes" it activates a menu when you press the
button "Edit". It is used to remove pockets, Sheet images, files. Nfo
and movies. <br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Movie_Filter (default "sample, "2 ch", cd2")<br>
<br>
&nbsp;<br>
This filter contains a list that will allow to exclude films that
contain these words. <br>
These elements must be separated by a comma. If an item has a space, it
must be quoted. <br>
If a video is in two parts, cd2 serves to mask the second cd. The films
in two parts are managed by SRJG, which automatically switches to the
second part. <br>
It is essential that Part 1 includes the element cd1 at the end of its
name and part 2 contains cd2: <br>
Example: <br>
{{{&lt;Movie name&gt; cd1.avi &lt;movie name&gt; cd2.avi}}} The lower
case is important to recognize cd1 and cd2.<br>
<br>
<br>
Port (default 80) <br>
<br>
This port number is used to execute cgi scripts. If you do not know
your port number, you have a small tool to find it. <br>
Start Telnet and run the script "srjg/installer/port.sh". <br>
<br>
<br>
Recent_Max? (defaut 24) <br>
<br>
Specifies the maximum number of movies shown in the "Recently Added"
Thumbnail screen.<br>
<br>
<br>
Dspl_Genre_txt (default white)<br>
<br>
Possible values: white, black <br>
<br>
Indicates the color of the text used on the movies genre thumbnails
(white, black). <br>
<br>
<br>
Dspl_HelpBar (default top)<br>
<br>
Possible values: up, down, no <br>
<br>
Determine the location or presence of the bar help (up, down or not at
all).<br>
<br>
<br>
The remainders of the settings only deals with the automatic creation
of thumbnails, moviesheets and NFO files.&nbsp; If you choose to
manually create those<br>
then you do not have to worry about those settings.<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb (default no) <br>
<br>
Allows automatic retrieval of Imdb thumbnails, moviesheets or NFO files
depending on the settings chosen. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Lang (en default) <br>
<br>
Defines the interface language the Movie Sheet (actor, director, genre,
year, duration). To set the language used in the synopsis, <br>
you should use the parameter Imdb_Source. <br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Source (default imdb) <br>
<br>
Possible values are: imdb, tmdb, allocine.<br>
<br>
Set which site to use as source for the thumbnails, Movie Sheets and
Nfo files. This site also defines the language used for Synopsis and
pictures.<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Poster (default yes) <br>
<br>
Allows the automatic retrieval of the thumbnails. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_PBox (default generic)<br>
<br>
Possible values: No, bdrip, bluray, dtheater, dvd, generic, hddvd,
hdtv, itunes <br>
<br>
Defines the display frame used for the thumbnails.<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_PPost (default yes)<br>
<br>
if active, the thumbnail will be chosen at random from the available
images on the source site.(yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Sheet (default yes)<br>
<br>
Allows the automatic retrieval of the movie sheets. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_SBox (default generic)<br>
<br>
Possible values: No, bdrip, bluray, dtheater, dvd, generic, hddvd,
hdtv, itunes<br>
<br>
Defines the display frame used for the thumbnail inside the movie
sheets.<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_SPost (default yes)<br>
<br>
if active, the thumbnail inside the movie sheets will be chosen at
random from the available images on the source site.(yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Backdrop (default yes)<br>
<br>
If active, the background of the movie Sheets will be randomly selected
from the images available on the source site. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Font (default tahoma)<br>
<br>
Possible values: Arial, Bookman, comic, tahoma, times, verdana <br>
<br>
Sets the font used for the movie Sheets. <br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Genres (default no) <br>
<br>
If enabled, images that will be displayed instead of text for genre
types. This system works well with genres in English, but because of
the translation, <br>
it is possible that certain types Images do not displayed get displayed
when other languages are selected. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Tagline (default yes)<br>
<br>
if active, displays the tag line in the movie Sheets. (yes/no)<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Time (default no)<br>
<br>
Possible values: no, real, hours<br>
<br>
Sets the format for time display in the movie Sheets.<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_Info (default yes) <br>
<br>
if active, enable the creation of movies NFO files.<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Imdb_MaxDl (default 3) <br>
<br>
Indicates the number of simultaneous downloads to retrieve the images
and NFO files.&nbsp; This setting depends on the speed of your Internet
connection<br>
and capability of your Player. If you have a small bandwitdh, put a
download of one or two. If you put a number that is too big, your
player will <br>
be overloaded and over time it will be as long if not longer than using
a small number. The best performance is generally achieved with 3 or 4
simultaneous downloads. <br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Movies made up of 2 cd files<br>
<br>
Files must end with cd1 cd2 <br>
<br>
For example: <br>
<br>
{{{movie name cd2.avi movie name_cd2.avi}}}. In the filter parameter
(Movie_Filter) , cd2 must be written so that the 2nd part of the movie
(cd2)<br>
does not get included in the Jukebox. An icon will appear on the movie
thumbnail, top right to indicate that there is a second part. While
viewing, <br>
at the end of the first part, or if you press stop, the second part
will automatically start.<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
=Organizing Files and folders=
<br>
==Movies==
<br>
You have a lot of freedom in the organization of your files: movies are
automatically detected in many types of directory trees.<br>
<br>
{{{
Main Folder
   | - Movie 1
   | - Movie 2   
Main Folder
   | - Feature Film 1         
           | - Movie 1
   | - Feature Film 2 
           | - Movie 2
Main Folder 
   | - other folder with all the movies 
           | - Movie 1
           | - Movie 2 
           | - ...
           |-- other folder
                   | - Movie 333    
                   | - Movie 334 
                   | - ... 
}}}
<br>
The location of the "Main Folder" is the path of movies. It should be
entered in the config file, or the menu interface configuration RSS. <br>
For the path /tmp/usbmounts/sdb1/Movies we have: <br>
<br>
<Movies_Path>/tmp/usbmounts/sdb1</Movies_Path><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
